'
39564796338400right-90404600-270344430696E-Commerce Site Development Proposal
Prepared on 21 October 2020
Prepared by:Mohammad Sabbir Mahmud
Prepared for:Ashraful HaiderPavilion 
00E-Commerce Site Development Proposal
Prepared on 21 October 2020
Prepared by:Mohammad Sabbir Mahmud
Prepared for:Ashraful HaiderPavilion 

Introduction
Thank you for your interest in partnering with TecZard for your website development project. With well over 100,000 firms offering website development services, we know how challenging it can be to find the right agency for your web development needs.
At TecZard, we hold one goal above all others: 100% client satisfaction. Our in-house team of web designers, copywriters, graphic designers, and developers uphold the highest standards for project planning and execution, and we’re dedicated to building the perfect website for your company on-time and on-budget.
We’ve built websites for several brands around the world with great success, and are quite excited to get to work on yours.
In this proposal, you’ll find what we feel is the optimal solution for your website development needs, along with the associated delivery timeline, costs, and project terms. Once you’ve reviewed this proposal thoroughly, simply electronically sign it at the bottom to indicate your approval.
Thanks again for the opportunity to earn your business!
Mohammad Sabbir MahmudProject Manager, TecZard01945747091sabbir@teczard.com
Executive Summary
PAVILION requires a full website build to support your digital growth strategy. This website will allow you expose your brand to organic audiences via search engines, leverage digital advertising to boost lead generation, and deploy content marketing to build brand awareness and authority.
TecZard is uniquely qualified to build the website that you desire, due to our in-house team of designers, writers, and developers, and our experience working with clients in e-commerce industry.
Solution Outline
TecZard will build your website using the WordPress content management system (CMS). WordPress is used by more than a million brands around the world, and is known for it’s ease of use, security, and scalability. WordPress will allow you to do the following once your website is launched:
Easily update page content and images
Integrate with analytics software to track page and site performance
Post new content to your company blog
We propose that your site be hosted with Hostgator using Standard WordPress Hosting Plan . This will ensure that your website is capable of supporting a high volume of traffic while remaining protected from malicious entities.
Site Structure
Your website will have the following pages:
Home
Shop pages for each category
About
Cart
Account
Contact
Return and Exchange
Shipping and Delivery
Privacy policy
Additional page 1
Additional page 2
Additional page 3
Site Integrations
TecZard will integrate your site with the following tools:
Payment Gateway Platform.
SMS platform. 
Mail marketing platform. 
These integrations will allow you to use your website as a profitable marketing tool which helps you generate new revenue for your business.
Features
Based on previous discussions regarding your goals and expectations, your website will have the following features:
Product category as required
Dynamic pages as required
Shopping Cart
Order management dashboard
Automatic invoice generator
Refund policy Message
Responsive Design
Admin Panel
Multiple Image Option
Post Product in social Media
Chat bot Options
Promotion Features
Inventory Integration
Email Marketing (basic features only)
SMS gateway integration
Reporting( Basic)
Coupon code for special discount 
Dynamic Size Chart 
News and Events 
Special membership reward news 
FAQ
Payment Gateway Integration
Product Rating/Review 
Facebook feed
Order note system for multiple site admin
Shipping label generator
Low stock notification for admin 
Project Costs
The table below details the costs associated with this project. The following table only represent basic ecommerce development cost. Some features are not included with this cost. For additional features please check the next table. 
SPECIFICATIONS COST IN BDT
Basic Design, Development &amp; Implementation 47,000
TOTAL 47,000
Additional Features Costs
The table below details the costs associated with some additional features which is not mandatory for functional e-commerce site but will add extra privilege for users. 
SPECIFICATIONS COST IN BDT
Multiple Currency Support (Only USD/BDT) 7,000
Specific product discount with time frame 5,000
TOTAL 12,000
Maintenance Fees
The table below details monthly fees which will begin the website is successfully launched.
SPECIFICATIONS COST IN BDT
Service Charges for maintenance* 5,000/month
*This charge will start from after 60 days of project handover.
Execution Timeline
The following table details our projected execution timeline for your website development project.
Stage Duration
Project Kickoff Meeting 1 Day
Initial Design and Confirmation 5 Days
Development Works 35 Days
QC and Live Server Setup 5 Days
Total 46 Days
Disclaimer: The duration in the table above are estimates based on our experience with similar website development projects. While we strive to accurately estimate project timelines in every proposal, we reserve the right to move delivery dates in response to unforeseen delays or changes to project requirements.
'